I note for the presentation of a box
so in fact I was subscribed to the soup
but she stopped and for the
last boxing is first because
it's a three month subscription
it's actually secret from us that has
taken back like that so that's the
first I get 2nd and the last
looks like that so that's the
menu so I will not watch it star
to see this case of dengue but I'm going to
keep aside in the event or we
find a little really like that I
think about following
so what do we have so we have a
special offer for years subscribers
at the box
so I look at me they make us a
offer with prices for it be a little
cheaper that we continue to subscribe to
their box
so I do not think I subscribe
it was just like that to test a
missing and so that's a map we have
I find it too beautiful
it's too much he had a little bottle
mustache me so I love it I
I'll put it on my board
in this film there a pencil is a
grimoire cause
so a black pencil
this works well building
so then we have a little gift like
that without damaging the little sticker case
where it's great it's my gift then
this is the map of the shop from where that
go out and in it we have a wave a little
big around I will not a fan
I do not like the admr to go there
she will be constrained
the windlass then we have a
bookmark amelie we do not know it's
for them a Corsican and the shoes
which folds in the evening to work
car
this father thing is your solution
understands it's a moment
well I do not understand that then
then we have accounts worried about
the moustache
this is the con there are two small
cookie earrings is too cabbage
then we have that we do not know
and then we have a funny blaze
looks like a monster and that's
everything and nothing if it's not fair that
that's a lot so it's actually all
what I left a rescuer and
goodies and that's boxing
bah is whatever is in the box
I think I'm a little disappointed it's not
because it's not the ring I'm
will never put because me she is
pretty but I think it's cool and
I do not really like the curls
ears there that I will give to
lola the earrings I do not know
I do not like what hangs because
more arthur he tends to catch
so that I do not know if it's okay with
sauber is not at all because there
can put a trick there saft stall
I do not know to put what I know
I do not know at all and that must be
to be to style them and it happened
these movies or what
no we have an offer
we have a code in fact the salat thing and
the shoes
this walk do not know what ah yes if
ballerinas roll up while one has a
voucher
my exclusive promos I regretted for
see the story of the man ah yeah
okay so in fact the map okay
with the razor with that and stuff
mustache the big mustache presents us
her woman wonder woman razor who
come to the rescue of our legs
you answered no but you
receive anyway is that you are
generous enough to offer one to
a friend and that's goodies out
with the amp so that's it
is not it why they score for
receive your free razor
replacement
enter the air china web code on the
site I do not know we do not know
Why
this is yeah so not actually
luckily it was the last one and that
I could have received another after
because she puzzles me this
box so that's where the name is
the boxer already at secret of chemistry so I
you find the think soon for the
little boxes I think I'll have to
and I will soon receive it
I hope and then I will show you
Something
attention be prepared
and that's what glosses activated
all for you and of course this I you
I say leave soon to
poultry